I think sexual harassment is anything that makes you feel uncomfortable.
Maybe somebody touching you a certain way when you didn't really give them any reason
why they should feel comfortable doing that.
Putting yourself in their way constantly when that person has already expressed
that they don't want you doing that to them.
Sexual harassment isn't just something that people can do to you,
but it's also what they can say.
It's just something that makes you feel uncomfortable, insecure, or like they're in danger.
Definitely I'll be uncomfortable when someone comes up to me and touches me
or even my hand if I don't know why you touch me.
You can invite sexual harassment without meaning to if you dress in a certain way
or if you act a certain way.
If she says stop but she's smiling while she says it,
he can not only have the impression that she's flirting but he can have the impression
she's playing hard to get.
Her not telling him to leave her alone is conveying to him that she does enjoy
the sexual harassment and he will push it further to means that she doesn't like
and means that she doesn't want.
If they constantly feel that they can touch you or speak to you in a certain way,
then you have no obligation to continue spending time with them.
You have to listen to yourself and as soon as you feel uncomfortable with something,
you have to let someone know sternly because maybe they're not even aware
that they're making you feel uncomfortable.